Welcome back my students I hope you're having a lot of fun.
And you I hope you are very excited by what you're learning right here because Laura Bell is one of
the best framework's in the world for BHB if you learn this you would never be jobless.
All right.
You just have to go out there and let people know what you know.
But anyway follow me here.
Now we study routes how we can put in the first parameter where we want to go and then you know return
some information through here and we even learn how to pass same parameters.
But the cool thing about route's is naming them.
All right.
So for example let's say let's just copy one of these guys actually let's write it down or like to write
it down because that way you get used to it.
So let's say we create you see how this looks.
This is a starting method just a regular starting method that you can see in a couple of parameters
.
Let's say you have a router I super long like this admin pulls
just one whatever.
I mean polls like this that's fine.
And then you have your of course your closure function here.
All right you bring it down.
Let's say you have this big long you are out but you want people to actually type in something a little
bit less bigger than that let's just put put it like this.
Let's just give it another parameter example right.
Let's say you want them to type something a little shorter than you can name this route.
Give it like a nickname.
Very simple.
All you have to do is create another parameter here and say array.
Actually you want to wrap everything inside this so you're going to put this at the end.
Right.
And we're get to do this as.
And then this is going to be an associate of array.
And you can type whatever you want let's just say let's call it ad men pull home or something like that
.
All right.
And then you've got to do this uses.
Actually we don't have to do use because we are not using a controller.
You will learn later on.
But anyway as you can see here all we did was put on the rain the second parameter actually wrapping
everything.
All right so now I'll show you right now with a helper function.
So let's just say you are well and let's just use a helper function from Claribel call route to access
that route.
And I'm just going to say at home.
So what we're doing here is we grabbing this raúl we grabbing it and we are saving in this you or else
so that way you can see it when I can show it to you that it is actually a data value is this right
here.
Right.
And I'll repeat that again.
But anyway so they're going to say this is this you are l is and then we're going to concatenate your
L variable.
And when I close it up.
So now if I go to this route right here on your show right here if I go to that you can see that it
takes
everything.
All right.
So what this means is sorry about that guys that this admin that home is a senting is this.
Another way to actually which is pretty cool to actually find this owl is by going to terminal and in
doing a.
And I'll show you right now as a matter of fact let's click here.
This little box terminal and right here this is a little termino that comes with BHB storm rifle those
of you that BHP storm.
All right you don't have to be storm open your terminal and go to the sea M-S folder let you see actually
if I go to terminal right here and I go to see the CMOS we can type it in.
Let's just clear everything and let's just say BHB Arty's Sen.
All right.
And we're going to say route Colan list and then enter.
Right as you can see this this adducing command and we've got to we're got to get into it later.
But don't don't worry about it too much right now.
You can see right now that the name of this route is admin at home.
All right.
And this is the med to get requests.
We'll get into that more later on.
But we just know that we were able to grab that big long u r l and use it and rename it give it a nickname
.
All right.
So not only are we able to do this in Laro bell without having folders and files or anything like that
but we are also able to nickname it.
All right.
We are able to give it a smaller name and use it and this little function right here allows us to use
.
So if we had to you are for example we have a link right we have a link like this ref whatever and a
link like this in the inside is ref we can say we could write something like this route.
And then the name had me in that home or whatever.
And when we click on that link it's not going to happen.
Now I'll just give you an example when we click on that link in this ref is going to have all of that
all these you are going there.
All right well we click on he's going to take us to this.
You are all there.
Right.
But this is just a crazy example here don't worry about that.
All right.
But anyway we're done here.
Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next.
Actually let me make it like this so you have it.
You can copy it.
I'll see you later guys.
Bye bye